---
title: "Global Young Scientists Summit 2026"
excerpt: "Jan 2026"
header:
  image: 
  teaser: assets/images/GYSS2.jpg
gallery:
  - image_path: assets/images/GYSS.jpg
---

📚Had a privilege to meet with the brightest minds at the Global Young Scientists Summit (GYSS 2026)!  
The GYSS 2026 was an inspiring and intellectually energizing mingling among those who have made imperative breakthrough in human history and young scientists who will make impact. Engaging with world-renowned scientists share not only their groundbreaking research but also their story on rejections, failures, and dejections offered valuable perspective on what it means to pursue ‘scientific process’.  
Among 21 laureates shining us, I had a chance to interact with Prof. Donna Strickland (Nobel Prize in Physics 2018), Prof. Takaki Kajita (Nobel Prize in Physics 2015), and Prof. Tim Hunt (Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 2001). Their reflection on science as ‘proving innocence’ were truly insightful. Moreover, they were surprisingly humble, incessantly willing to learn things, and humorous.  
Fellow young scientists, even though our research fields are all different, our commitment for science, eager to learn, and excitement for research always resonates. Hope our trajectories as good scientists meet in the future!  
Last but not least, this would not have been possible without the support of NRF Singapore and Korea – You made the beginning of my 2026 truly unforgettable!  

{% include gallery id="gallery"  %}
